♪♪
- I wasn't expecting
you all 'til tomorrow.
- Of course, we're gonna
help you on your moving day.
- And also, we couldn't
wait to see it.
(chuckling)
- are you gonna let us in?
- Ok, come in!
♪♪
- Well, you certainly had
your eye on the prize
Taking on
all those insurance cases.
- All those long hours paid off.
- Where do I put
This down so we can get to work?
- Oh no, you don't have
to do anything.
- (jamaican accent): No, don't
listen to my foolish daughter.
"many hands make light work."
(trudy's mother gasping)
Ohh, is that
your famous potato salad?!
- Made with hard-boiled eggs
just the way
You like it.
- And I'm sure
It's delicious, flo,
but it's not quite
As sweet as... Tadaaa!
- Bonbon emporium's candy
sticks?! Mary, those
are expensive!
- Well, you only buy
your first house once.
There's everything:
Peppermint, lemon,
Apple--
- oh, root beer's my favourite!
Ooh!
- You have no "broughtupsy",
Not before a proper meal.
- (whispering): Sorry.
- We will break bread
and bless this house tonight.
- You must be very happy
making mildred so proud.
- I am. You know how hard
it is to impress her.
- (mildred): I can hear you!
- (trudy): Sorry.
(hammering on metal)
- what was that?
(indistinct chatter outside)
(dramatic music)
- First, they only let us
buy here!
Then, they ignore us
when we have a problem!
- (woman): Yeah!
- But what is this commotion?
- Don't worry, mom.
We're gonna figure that out.
- Well, let's see
if they can ignore this!
- (man): Alright!
(crowd cheering)
- Oh! She can't do that
To city property!
- What the hell are you doing?!
- You see this?
This community hasn't had
clean water in weeks.
Every time my son sam
drinks water, he gets sick.
I'm not putting up with it
anymore. None of us will.
- That sounds like
an issue for city hall.
- They're part of the problem.
We are shuffled
into certain neighbourhoods
Like our concerns are
shuffled to the bottom
Of the city hall heap.
I have tried the mayor,
Newspapers; nobody will help.
And it figures. I guess
we're on our own, huh?
(crowd agreeing)
- these two can help.
- Why would you say that?
- We're private detectives.
I'm trudy clarke. This is
frankie drake. I just moved in.
- Not much of a detective,
are you?
- What do you mean?
- Have you checked your water?
You're a sucker
like the rest of us.
(trudy sighing)
- Well, so much
for my dream home.
- Ugh. Oh...
(theme music)
(woman scat singing)
- Well, your pipes
aren't rusty or clogged.
In fact, they're in good shape.
- I was afraid
you'd say that.
- The house
has good bones.
Once you unpack and put up
the pictures, perfect.
- Yeah, apart
from the dirty water.
- Well, if it was me,
I'd check the source.
- (frankie): So we've heard.
(trudy sighing)
- Trudy, where do
these boxes need to go?
- Oh. No, don't worry
about it. We got it.
- What? Upstairs? Basement?
- Upstairs.
Thanks, sebastian.
- What are we going to do?
The new tenants already move
into the old house.
- Ma, I'm so sorry.
I must have got
All caught up in the excitement
of buying the house.
- I saw your list;
it was exhaustive.
- I checked the faucets;
the water was clean.
I was so careful
before signing that contract.
- It must have started
after the inspection.
(trudy sighing)
- I gotta say you are
handling this very well.
- What am I gonna do if we don't
get to the bottom of this?
- When have we never
not solved the case?
You know, you and your family
are more than welcome
To stay here.
Mi casa es su casa.
- Ha! I can hear
my mother now.
- (with jamaican accent):
I don't think so.
I can only imagine the things
frankie does in there.
- Well...
(both laughing)
- All right. Well,
according to this map,
I live here.
- The river system runs
North to south, so whatever is
polluting your home
Must be coming from here.
That's gotta be
one of these two factories
Close to the reservoir.
(phone ringing)
- Drake detectives.
Toni! We'll be there.
Looks like etta got her
an appointment
With commissioner renforth
today at 4.
- That gives us
a couple of hours, let's go!
(phone ringing)
(flo gasping)
- Ellie! What the dickens
are you doing here?!
- A girl can't visit
her favourite auntie
In the big city?
- Well, of course!
Ohhh!
- Aww!
I missed you, aunt flo.
You know, I got to thinking
about our last visit together.
We saw the pirates
of penzance, remember?
(ellie clearing her throat)
"in short,
♪ in matters vegetable,
animal and mineral ♪
♪ I am the very model
of a modern major general ♪
- ♪ he is the very model
(both laughing)
- That was
the best day of my life.
- Aww!
Ooh! Hmm...
Is that a...
- Well, I am at work, ellie.
- Right.
And I have interrupted.
I really should have called.
- Oh no! That would have
ruined the surprise.
Let me tell you what,
let me slide this guy away,
And we will go and grab dinner.
Have you ever had chinese food?
- No.
You know how mother is.
- Speaking of which,
how is she?
- She says hello.
- That's a first.
- Hm!
- How did you convince her
to let you travel here alone?
♪♪
- I'm not a kid anymore.
I don't know why
people can't understand that.
(laughing)
- You ladies
take a wrong turn?
- Actually, we are here
to see you.
- Haven't we met before?
Sure we have.
At that club!
Arturo's the name.
- Frankie.
- Trudy.
Arturo, maybe you could
Help us out.
Who has access to reservoir?
- Just me. Well,
and the odd city inspector.
- Is it always locked?
- Hey, like fort knox,
this site.
Some of the neighbourhood kids,
they like to jump the fence.
They're just looking
to cool off. I can't blame 'em.
The water's nice and fresh.
- You sure about that?
- Why all the questions?
- I live south from here;
The water in my house
isn't safe to drink.
- Oh, geez, you don't say.
- Do you think the reservoir
could be the source
of pollution?
- Pond's as clear as day.
Haven't heard a peep
about any problems.
Have you thought about talking
to the bootleggers up the road?
- The bootleggers?
- Yeah, just over that hill.
I bet whatever hootch
they're brewing up over there,
There could be
some bad runoff.
- Thanks, arturo.
- Anytime, ladies.
Hey, next heatwave
that hits you, come back.
I hear this water's great
for skinny-dipping.
Or so I imagine.
(women chuckling politely)
So that's a maybe.
♪♪
(car honking)
(bell ringing)
- We've had to boil
our water for weeks now,
And it does nothing.
We pay taxes like everyone else;
we deserve clean water.
- I agree with everything
you say, mrs. Freedman.
There's a water treatment plant
in the works
Within the next year,
two at the most.
- Which really means three.
What do you expect everyone
to do until then?
- What about a temporary
filtration system?
- City has no budget for that.
Now, listen,
I reviewed your home purchase
contracts. It's black and white.
Unfortunately,
caveat emptor.
- This is not on us or the homes
we bought; this is on you.
- I encourage you to have
patience with the process.
- Security!
- And I encourage you
To enjoy the water you're set
on having us live with.
- Get her out of here!
Thank you.
(door opening)
She can't go around assaulting
City officials.
- I understand,
But you have no idea
what she has been going through
The last few weeks.
- Will you at least take a look
At her suggestions?
- Absolutely.
But know that I'm only one man.
- Hopefully, the right one.
(indistinct chatter)
- It's so nice of you
to bring these for me.
- Oh, it's my pleasure!
I just devoured these
when I was your age.
The fashion,
the celebrity gossip...
- So, what's for dessert?
- Oh... I don't think
I could eat another bite.
But you should go see
what they have.
What's wrong, flo?
Looks like your cat died.
- I called ellie's mom,
My sister. Ellie lied to me.
This is not
an impromptu visit.
She was kicked out.
And according
to sister dearest,
She's something
of a "hell-raiser".
- Oh, dear.
Well, maybe
she was embarrassed.
Remember what it was like
being at that age?
- I sure do.
But I never ran away from home
Or lied to my aunt.
- Maybe she needs you now
more than ever.
- Hahaha!
♪♪
- Thank you so much
for watching him.
- Oh, he was
no problem at all.
Oh, go to the last page.
Sam was reading it for me,
And I want to see how it ends.
- Really?
Ah!
- Just read it myself.
- I can tell
he's your world.
- He's all I got left.
- Is mr. Freedman around?
- Uh, my george was part
of the black battalion.
Thought it was his duty
to serve his country.
His battalion wasn't
assigned guns,
So he had no way
of protecting himself.
He was killed delivering wood
to the frontline.
- So sorry.
- He sacrificed his life,
and how is his family repaid?
With water
they wouldn't give a dog.
- Trudy and I have a new lead:
A security guard
at the reservoir.
- What kind of lead?
- Apparently,
There's a bootlegging operation
up there.
- Then why are we
sitting around?
- We gotta
Surveillance the area first
to see who we're up against.
- This isn't the time
to pussyfoot about; let's knock
Those boys out!
- They do not play around,
And they always
carry weapons.
- You're not gonna
bring me along?
- What if things get
out of control? Sam needs you.
Frankie and I will check it out
first thing tomorrow,
I promise.
- I'm tired.
I'm tired of empty promises
and hearing about tomorrow.
I am tired of putting
my faith in others.
I should have known better.
I'm the only one I can rely on!
- What is all this palaver?
You want to wake
your brothers?
- Mom... What's going on?
- It's all right, my sweet.
It is time to go.
- You don't think she's going
to do anything rash, do you?
(door opening)
- well, she feels cornered,
And you know
what a trapped dog does:
It attacks.
(door closing)
(dramatic music)
(crickets chirping)
(owl hooting)
♪♪
- Ugh!
(suspenseful music)
- Hey!
- Arturo!
Hey, brother!
- It's my birthday already?
- What? I thought
it was my birthday.
Wait, I got something.
(men laughing)
- All right. What do you got?
(camera clicking)
- Hey, you keep bringing me
money like that, you can
Take whatever you want through.
- I might take you up on that.
- All right. Come on, come on.
It's all right.
You don't have to.
- Aw, come on,
you know I got your money,
Right?
(men laughing)
- Ugh!
- Hey! You can't be here!
What are you doing?
- Arturo! What's going on
over here?
(air hissing out)
- hey, she's got a camera!
- You can't do that!
- She... She got a camera!
(romantic music)
- Just imagine.
Day by the water.
Caviar.
Champagne.
Just me and my amore
Having a... Frolic.
(frankie chuckling)
- I think your english is
getting a little bit too good.
- Mm-hmm?
I can help you
handle the frolic.
- Oh no, no. I think
we've got the frolicking down.
But a day off
in the middle of a case,
No, no, no, signore.
Impossibile.
(both chuckling)
I'll be right back.
♪♪
(ominous music)
Arturo lied.
It is the reservoir.
- "masked vigilante
spotted in toronto.
Friend or foe." wow, is this
normal for the big city?
- Definitely not. She is
the talk of the station, though.
The phones were ringing off
the hook all night with tips.
- The paper's
calling her "lady justice".
- "she saved someone
from being mugged
By flying in
on the wings of night."
Haha!
- Can you believe such malarkey?
- Gosh, she's like zorro,
defender of the common man,
Righter of wrong.
- I don't know about all that,
But I think private citizens
should leave
This type of thing
to the professionals.
- Oh, the police can't be
everywhere at all times.
This gal has some chutzpah.
Now, onto more important news.
I managed to finagle
my way out of work,
And, as the french say, voilà!
You and I and mary
Are going
to a matinée today!
- Oh, you didn't have
to splurge on me.
I was just gonna wander.
- Oh, well, we could
stroll about after.
- Yeah, that would
be nice. Thank you.
- We'll meet you
outside the crown theatre.
Show's at 3 p.M.
You good 'til then?
- Yeah. I think
I'll tour the city for a bit.
On my own.
- Oh, flo!
- I'll take
an anonymous envelope any day.
These photos are proof
that the reservoir's involved
In some toxic dump scheme.
- Now we just need
To figure out what
the signage is on the truck.
- It's so blurry.
You think arturo
could fill in the blanks?
- He's already on the way.
- Hmm.
Maybe he knows
who took the photos.
- Oh, I have a guess. Her.
- Lady justice?
- Two of the sightings were
Within blocks of our building.
On the same night
That an anonymous envelope
is dropped off?
- Ok, fair. So who is she?
- My guess is toni.
- What?
- She's the only one who would
Know the exact evidence
that we need.
And a mask protects her,
protects sam.
- Wait. Frankie, do you know
this lady justice?
- I might.
- Because vigilantes
Are very serious.
Back home the squadristi,
They break the law.
- Sometimes, the law
needs to be bent.
- Ok, that's true,
but we do it
Because we're professionals.
And we don't wear masks.
- You said if I answered all
your questions, you'd give me
Those photos.
- We are not done yet.
- So, all you do is open
the gate when you see
The trucks, and they give you
$15 for it?
- Yeah, it's what I said.
- Who are they?
Oh, ok. Well, you know what?
Maybe if we get the police
involved, you'd be
More inclined--
- I told you the truth.
All I know is
these people don't mess around.
- They gave you
that shiner?
- No. It was the masked dame.
- Told you.
- It's been weeks,
You must have been able to get
a good look at this emblem.
Listen to me, kids are sick
from the water
Because of your actions.
- I don't see so good
at night anymore, ok?
It was a circle. It was
a triangle. There was a star
Or something. I gotta go!
- We need to track down
who owns that truck.
- All right, I'll go pay
boyzey a visit.
He might be able
to recognize the truck.
- All right.
I'm gonna talk to toni.
If these people are
that dangerous
And she is lady justice,
she needs to know.
♪♪
(bell ringing)
- The smell of toronto!
And trudy clarke
needing a favour.
- Hello to you too, boyzey.
- I spoke to your mama.
Sorry to hear
About your broken engagement.
- Oh, please. No, you're not.
And what are you doing
talking to my mother?
- Well, she called. She told me
about the water troubles
Y'all all having.
How can I help?
- Actually, this truck
was dumping waste
In the reservoir. I know
the picture's kind of blurry,
But do you recognize it?
- Recognize it?
I use 'em regularly.
Silver star trucking rental.
Greek fellow, eros,
manages the lot.
- Oh... Silver star make you
sign any paperwork?
- Yeah, yeah. You know,
you could track down
Those polluters using
their rental manifest.
Or you could always call
on lady justice for help.
(trudy sighing)
- not you too.
- She's exactly
what this city needs.
- Yeah, I heard
she has a good punch,
But I don't trust
anyone wearing a disguise.
(ding-ding!)
- you don't want to eat
Anything? Nothing?
Ah, he says food upsets
his tummy.
I just don't know
what to do anymore.
- Oh, no kid can resist
the sweets here.
- Sugar? Haha!
He'll be bouncing
off the walls until midnight.
No, thank you.
(indistinct conversations)
- We're gonna solve this.
He's gonna
Get his appetite back
and get better.
- I so badly need
to believe that right now.
- Trudy and I came
into some evidence
That toxic waste is being
dumped into the reservoir.
- That's great.
You call the police?
- No, we want to be able
to name names.
But I think
that lady justice
Has been giving us
a helping hand in all of this.
- Well, thank goodness.
Did she find out
what they're dumping?
- No, not yet. We need
to be able to get a sample.
Where were you last night?
- Me?
At home with sam. Why?
- Well, if someone is
helping us out, I would
Caution her to be
very careful.
These people
don't play nice.
- You think I play
dress-up at night?
(indistinct chatter)
- well, you didn't
have those bruises
On your knuckles
when we spoke yesterday.
- So?
- I box. I know bruises.
And those easily could have
come from punching
A security guard.
- Like I said,
I was home with sam.
♪♪
excuse me.
(indistinct chatter)
- More candy?
- We have to have treats
For the show!
- If ellie even makes it here.
- Oh, she has plenty of time
before curtain.
(bell ringing)
- or not.
Five-minute warning bell.
- You go ahead.
Five minutes
is plenty of time.
In five minutes,
I could write up six women
For improper hemlines,
eight if I scribble.
- I can crack a corpse's chest
and rip out its heart in three.
- Right.
Ellie probably just missed
her stop.
You know how
the streetcar can be.
- Mary, she ain't coming.
- How did you think
toni was gonna take it, frankie?
- Maybe she would
be flattered, come clean.
- Speaking of coming clean,
Sebastian?
- What about him?
- You snapped your fingers,
and he was under my kitchen sink
In what? An hour?
- No, he... He came for you.
He lives in our building;
he is a handyman.
- Hmm... You know,
I'd assume to think
That alessandro
was pretty handy.
- What are you doing here?
Women never come to the lot.
- We are detectives.
Was hoping
We could get a little help
on a case we're on.
- Maybe we could take a look
at the rental agreements
From last night.
- Geez, no can do.
- Oh...
- I could knock
10% off a rental.
You gals need that?
- Eros, that is the, um...
That's the god of love, right?
- (eros): You sure know
your greek mythology.
- (frankie): Well, I bet you can
teach me a little bit more.
(frankie and eros chuckling)
- It's all here.
Everything we need
For an official investigation.
- But it was all
obtained illegally.
- It's not illegal to take
photos of public property.
- Except the road to access
the reservoir is private.
And this. Do you have
an actual sample
From the reservoir water itself
to match it to?
- We could take
the water from my house.
- That's not enough.
That doesn't prove
it comes from the reservoir.
- It stands to reason--
- reason isn't evidence,
Just a smart guess.
- One phone call,
And you could have that
by the end of the day.
- Except this isn't a fiefdom.
There's a system.
- Well, the system is broken.
- Look. I grew up in a house
without running water.
I know how vital it is,
But my hands are tied.
- So what proof do you need
to untie them?
(phone ringing)
- excuse me.
Just a moment.
You'll see yourselves out?
Yes.
- That man's a liar.
Toni's dossier is right there
on his desk where he left it.
He hasn't even opened it.
- You're right.
He never intended to read it.
- Something shady is going on.
I bet the commissioner's
covering.
(indistinct chatter)
- Those dancers
were just amazing!
- Ellie! You're alive.
Welcome. You only missed
the entire show.
- No, I'm sorry.
I must have missed--
- If I wanted to be treated
so rudely, I would have had
Kids of my own.
- Flo.
- And the only way I could
get out of work today
Was by promising that I would do
weekends for a month.
Not to mention
the wasted ticket. Ellie,
I'm not made of money!
- Please don't be mad.
- Your mother was right.
- Oh, dear.
- You called my mother?
How could you do that?!
- Don't turn this around on me.
- No! You're exactly like her!
Stop trying to control me!
- Ellie!
She's not the girl I knew.
- It's not easy being 16.
- I hope I didn't cause
my mother this much heartache.
♪♪
- I think we all did.
- Great. Now, you have me
feeling sympathy for my sister.
- There are worse things.
(thunder booming)
♪♪
- (man): Hey! It's her!
By the pond!
Get her!
(thunder rumbling)
(thunder growling)
- Wait!
I'm trying to help you!
♪♪
(grunting)
- Any markings? We could
trace it back to a jeweller.
- Not as far
as I can tell.
- Well, toni and sam
came over for dinner last night.
I tried questioning her,
but she's very coy.
- Onwards and upwards.
We should get that sample to flo
along with whatever you were
Able to get off the truck.
- Right.
We could test them both.
- Yeah.
- Oh, sweet lady justice
strikes again.
Paper's full of new sightings.
I bet she wears
a perfume that makes
A man wanna meet his god.
- Anything else
you want to share?
- Ah. Here she be.
Silver star's rental list
From the night
of the dumping.
Three different companies
rented trucks that night:
Mateosian meats,
bonbon's emporium,
And kerrigan & harding metals.
- If flo is able to identify
the toxin, we can figure out
Which of these three companies
had access to it.
- (trudy): Case closed.
- Yeah.
- (man): Ahem!
(loud footsteps)
- You ever hear of knocking?
(renforth chuckling)
- Reports came in of a break-in
at the reservoir last night.
Now after
your visit yesterday,
I asked myself,
"who else could it be?"
Oh! I'll be taking that.
- You have no right to be here
And you have no right
to be taking evidence.
- If you have a problem
with my retrieval
Of city property, you can
contact the city's lawyer.
Miss drake.
- Crooked as a barrel
of fish hooks.
(trudy sighing)
- I hate to say it,
But I was right.
- That man's hiding something.
- We need a second sample.
- What about from your kitchen?
It'll be diluted,
but it's better than nothing.
- That sample was proof that
the reservoir was contaminated.
- Yeah.
- And you know he'll argue that
the problem is just your house.
- And my neighbour's house.
- And he'll argue that too,
Yeah.
♪♪
(cat meowing)
- I hate to sound pessimistic,
But looks like
it's getting worse.
- You're not wrong.
I am so tired of boiling water
'round the clock.
And as for bathing,
What if it never gets clean?
What are we supposed to do?
- Now, we're gonna figure this
out; you and your neighbours
Are gonna live here
for a very long time.
- I wouldn't say so.
- So, sam and I are moving.
- We can see that.
- I got an offer on the house;
I didn't think twice.
- But our water problem
is public knowledge;
Who'd willingly buy
into this neighbourhood?
- A woman called,
offered 60 cents on the dollar,
Which is better
than nothing considering.
- You're selling at a loss?
- Well, sam
Feeling better,
having clean water
Feels like a win to me.
♪♪
- Be right back.
- Look at this.
- Ugh!
- Hey! So, are you
excited to move?
- Mom said I could pick
a new colour to paint my room.
- Blue?
- Red.
- Haha! That was gonna be
my next guess.
Have you ever seen your mom
Wearing this?
- No.
Jewelry turns her skin green.
- Oh. Well, do you know
If she hurt herself
at work or at home?
I saw some bruises
on her knuckles.
- She punched a hole in the wall
after being in jail.
She put a picture over it,
but, uh, I know it's there.
- (toni): Sam, baby, come on!
We have some packing to do.
- Bye! Thanks for trying.
- They say you two
Aren't giving up.
I'll be rooting for you
And everyone else here.
(trudy sighing)
- she is not the vigilante.
- Yeah. Why don a mask
and risk your life
Only to pick up and move?
(hammering)
- Look at that.
- (trudy): Those are new!
- (frankie): Looks like
Someone's buying up
the whole neighbourhood.
(trudy scoffing)
- so they're pushing us out.
They deliberately poisoned the
water, so that we would sell.
- I bet the city
has plans for this land.
- Why else would
the commissioner be up
In our business
and squash toni's appeal?
- Can you take
those samples to flo?
I'm gonna have another chat
with renforth.
- Send him my best regards.
- You can't
just barge in here.
- Hmm. You didn't seem keen
on knocking earlier.
- Miss drake,
I'm a busy man.
- We saw
The sold signs.
- Sold signs?
I don't follow.
- We're gonna play that game?
- What game?
- The one where you act
All innocent.
Even though on the same day
That you take evidence
from my office,
Mrs. Freedman's neighbourhood
is bought up at a discount.
What are you planning
to do with that land?
- I haven't the foggiest idea
what you're implying.
- Oh, I'm not
implying anything.
You're as dirty as that water,
and I'm gonna get
To the bottom of it.
(menacing music)
Stripes imbue class.
You could use
some of that.
(door opening)
(door closing)
- It's me. We have a problem.
- So all this to buy up
your neighbourhood cheap?
- Yeah, seems so.
Frankie went back to renforth.
- Told you the man's crooked.
- My test confirmed
that the goo from the truck--
- Oh, goo, is that
the scientific word?
- It is now.
It contains traces
of copper acetate.
And so does the water
from your tap, trudy.
It's definitely linked.
- Well, flo, that's the evidence
we've been looking for.
Copper acetate
sounds dangerous.
- It's poisonous.
Large amounts can burn
The lining in your throat
and cause vomiting.
In small amounts, it can
make you feel nauseous.
- Like sam.
- What is
Copper acetate used for?
- Most commonly?
In coloured pigments:
Dyes, paints...
Used to be used
in food colouring.
- Food colouring?
- Mm-hmm.
- Candy! Bonbon's emporium,
it was listed
On the trucking manifest
you gave us.
- Mary is crazy for them.
But they shouldn't be using
copper acetate in their recipes,
It's outlawed
on account of the poison!
- Right.
- What do we know
about this candy company?
- Hmm. Not much, yet,
but I have a friend who might.
- How many pots do you have
your hands in, boyzey?
- Huh.
Hey.
- Hi!
- Mm-mm!
- Oh, that's my candies!
- Flo will explain.
- What was that about?
- A welcomed distraction,
But now I am getting concerned.
- Ellie hasn't come home?
- She's out there
with no friends
and not a dime to her name.
Mary, what if--
- should I file
A missing person's report?
- The police will contact
Her mother. I don't want to
do anything that brings
rosalyn to town.
- Well, then, we're gonna have
to find her ourselves.
This is hers?
- Yeah.
- Ok, um...
(phone ringing)
- I don't remember my country
niece ever wearing lipstick.
- Maybe she wanted
to look pretty for someone.
- Ugh, there's a boyfriend
in the picture? Swell!
- Oh! Look at this:
"4 p.M. Capote's cafe."
- (boyzey): There he is.
The candy baron himself,
mr. Regis walker.
The mayor offered him
the key to the city
And he turned it down.
Says he has yet
To earn the honour.
- Yeah, well,
His reputation
doesn't match the fact
That his company's involved in
some very serious wrongdoings.
- Well, let's ask
the man himself.
- Miss clarke!
It is you.
- I'm sorry.
Have we... Have we...
- Oh, I wouldn't
expect you to remember me,
But a woman certainly remembers
when two detectives
Come around asking
about her broken engagement.
Ernie penny.
Owns a little toy shop.
- Right. Yes. Her ex-fiancé
was a client of ours.
- Mm-hmm.
- That is some getup, miss...
- Julia.
- Julia, right.
You work for mr. Walker?
- I'm married to him.
- Oh! Haha!
- Hello, sweetheart.
- Candy empire is definitely
A step up from
a small town toymaker.
- Well, that is very kind
of you to say.
- Your face is everywhere.
♪♪
- regis, we're out of time.
- Oh, what is
that man doing here?
Oh, that man is just horrid.
Did you know
That he...
Ah... Never mind me.
- I'm gonna follow them
and see if I can hear
What they're up to.
- Yeah, you heard her,
The man's trouble.
- Exactly.
And I bet he brought this
candy baron into his scheme.
You stay here,
and don't do anything rash.
- Now where's the fun in that?
(indistinct chatter)
- (flo): Oh! I can
see ellie there.
- But she's with a friend.
I told you she was safe.
- Thank the lord it's not boys
or some romantic entanglement.
- Oh!
I wouldn't be so sure
about that.
♪♪
(inaudible speaking)
- Oh...
I know why she came here.
Mary, I pushed her away.
- (mary): We definitely have
to intervene.
- Tell me this doesn't change
the way you think about her.
- Flo, it's against the law.
- (flo): You're saying
it's wrong?
- No, not at all. I'm saying
she needs to be more careful.
Not everyone is
as understanding as we are.
(indistinct conversation)
- Are you sure about that?
I don't know.
- Absolutely.
Everything is taken care of.
(indistinct conversation)
(regis speaking indistinctly)
- Regis, I know.
- "I'm getting you the proof
you need. Call the police
If you don't hear
from me by morning."
Boyzey, you're a fool.
(bell ringing)
♪♪
(knocking)
- it's unlocked!
(door opening)
- (man): Ahem!
- Oh, hello, friend.
- I, uh... Locked myself
out of my studio.
- Well, you know, I charge
a pretty penny to pick
A lock.
- Well, whatever it is,
Getting this beauty home
is worth it.
You're hired.
- That looks like it belongs
in a landfill.
- Ooof. Cold, drake, cold.
This is an original
isaacs and youngs.
A fella was just
throwing it out.
- A man's trash is another
man's treasure, I suppose.
- Well, some people
just don't know
What they have
right in front of them.
(knocking)
(footsteps)
- Miss drake.
- (frankie): Commissioner,
What are you doing here?
- Crisis of conscience.
- It's really not that hard.
- (whispering): Ok.
- What's going on?
- If you want to know
who's behind the pollution,
You need to visit the
bonbon's factory out on queen.
- Go on.
- Regis walker is certifiable.
He wants land, expansion fast,
And he won't let
anyone get in the way.
- Look, I've been doing this a
long time. People rarely give in
To moral crises.
- I didn't know he was
Poisoning kids,
for crying out loud.
Look, he said it would just make
people want to sell.
I'm sorry for my part
in all this,
But... I'm no monster.
- You're going to have
to do more than just apologize,
And I have to talk
to my partner trudy.
- She's already there.
- What?
- She knows.
So if you want to protect her,
posthaste, detective.
♪♪
(bubbling noises)
- Boyzey! I'm here, hold on!
- (boyzey): Frankie!
- (man): Don't move
Or I'll fill you full of lead.
- Oh, that's no way
to talk to a lady.
- Put the gun down!
- Quiet!
(walker laughing maniacally)
- It's the candy clown himself.
- Don't either of you know
It's not nice
To trespass.
- You know what else isn't nice?
Poisoning the community's water
to get them to sell cheap.
- Can't be a shark
without shedding some blood.
The two of you shouldn't have
been poking around.
- How many more factories
do you need to own?
- Got my eye
on going international.
- And what's in it for renforth?
- (regis): That fool? Haha!
Such a naughty boy
With everyone but his wife.
- You're blackmailing him.
Where are the photos?
- Safely tucked away
in my... Well, my safe.
(laughing)
(gunshot)
(regis groaning in pain)
Baby,
You shot me!
- "baby,
You shouldn't talk so much!
Get him out of here!
- Ah!
♪♪
get your...
- "eye on international"?
He's never had
his eye on anything
But a glazed donut
until he met me.
- You're the one who's been
calling and buying up
all the properties.
- (julia): Well, you know
what they say,
"behind every successful man
is a smarter woman."
- Let me guess. He dies,
And you own it all.
- Oh, come on!
I barely broke the skin.
I don't want
anyone to die.
Well, that's not true.
Why have 12 stores
in one country
When you can have 25
in europe alone.
All I needed was
a little bit of cheap land
To get operations up.
- Well, this operation
is going down.
- No, it's not...
But you are.
(dramatic music)
(whirring)
and you are next.
- Oh! Oh no! Frankie!
I'll be taking that iou now!
Help me, frankie!
- Boyzey!
(frankie grunting)
- Argh!
- Lady justice too!
♪♪
- Come on!
- Let's go!
(gunshot)
- argh! Ah!
Ah! Ugh!
(boyzey panting)
- how bad is it?
- Lady justice,
you saved my life.
- Ok, I guess it's not that bad.
- Go!
- There's
something I need to do.
- Frankie, when lady justice
Tells you to go, you go.
- I need to get
Those photographs.
- Oh, no leverage, no power.
- That's right.
Can you cover me?
I'll be back for you.
- Ugh! Will you be back too?
- Justice never stops.
- Sorry, boss.
Looks like they escaped.
- What do you mean,
they escaped?
He... He was over a vat,
for pete's sake!
- It was that damn crusader,
boss. She flew in
out of nowhere.
- (lady justice): Aaah!
(grunting)
♪♪
- I'm used to men getting
in my way, but you, missy,
Are an itch I've been
dying to scratch.
(women grunting)
♪♪
(knocking on the wall)
- Very clever.
(lively jazz music)
- You ruined an entire
community! A kid got sick!
- I'll be sure to send
the little baby a lollipop
For his booboo.
I've waited too long
and worked too hard to let
Some lady playing dress-up
stop me.
- I'm not just some lady!
- Sweet dreams, sugar.
I'll wait with boyzey
for the police. Take these.
Go! I'll meet you
back at the office.
(indistinct chatter)
(band music playing)
(bell dinging)
(door closing)
- You brought my bag.
- A gal needs her things.
- I'm so sorry, aunt flo.
Really, I am.
I understand why things
have to be this way.
I'll let you know
where I end up.
- Oh, for heaven's sake, I'm not
kicking you out. Sit down.
Sit down.
You're staying put with me.
- But after what I said
and... You saw...
- Just no more secrets
and no more lies.
- I promise.
- I can imagine the feeling
when you finally met
Your... Friend.
- Hannah.
- It's just...
This isn't paris, kiddo.
This is still toronto.
- I know, and I'll be discreet,
I promise.
- And it's not that you have
anything to be ashamed of;
It's just because...
...This city is full
of jackasses.
(sighing)
- (mildred):
Well, finally, this home
has been properly blessed.
- I'm gonna be full
'til christmas.
Thank you for having me,
mrs. Clarke.
- (mildred): Mm-hmm.
- I seem to remember
You inviting yourself, boyzey.
- (mildred): Ok.
(laughing)
- Ooh, let me help you.
- Ok.
- (boyzey): Oh, yeah.
- I see that the for sale sign
Is down at toni's.
- Yes.
She took a sledgehammer to it
this morning.
Hahaha!
(jazz music playing on radio)
- You know you could
have told me.
- I could have.
- I would have helped.
- I didn't want you
to get in trouble.
- How many times
have I been in trouble?
- Yeah, I know.
But this is my new home,
My new community,
and if anyone
Was gonna go to jail
for what I did,
I wanted it to be me. Just me.
- Ok, but if you ever
do it again--
- What?
- I want a costume!
(both laughing)
- Deal!
- (boyzey): Aaah...
Ok, so do you all want
to hear about our kiss
One more time?
- (women): No!
- I wonder when
we'll meet again.
(news fanfare on radio)
- (man on radio): We interrupt
this program with breaking news.
Regis walker, owner of the
bonbon's emporium candy chain,
And his wife have escaped
police custody.
- What?
- The couple are considered
Armed and dangerous.
- That is just reprehensible.
- I can't believe
they're on the lam.
- ...Local police station house.
- I guess justice never stops.
- They are armed
and considered dangerous.
Contact your nearest
police station house.
(theme music)
Closed captioning by sette inc